Instruct Participant:

 

Welcome to the UAV operator task simulator.  You will be asked to engage in 3 tasks.  

A system monitoring task, communications task, and a tracking task.

 

The system monitoring task consists of 4 gauges labeled q w e r, and 2 buttons t and y.

Anytime you notice error in you must say: Sysmon report [letter] gauge abnormal, or [Letter] button abnormal

Then you must correct the error by pressing the corresponding key.  For example if I see the q gauge is either too high or too low I say:

q gauge abnormal, then I press q.

T button will turn off when an error occurs.

The Y button will turn red when an error occurs.

 

If you fail to correct an error in time you will lose health.

If you misfire and press a key when there is no error you will also lose health.

If you correctly clear the error you will gain health.

 

Also anytime you see the Red Report button say : System monitoring normal

 

For the communications task an operator will relay to you your unique callsign which is generated at the beginning of the task.

Followed by the channel and frequency you must change.  Use the up and down arrows to change the channel your accessing and then

use the left and right keys to change the frequency. After you're confident you correctly tuned the radio press enter.

 

If you don't input the correct frequency in time you will lose health.

If you input the correct frequency you will gain health.

 

Auto Task Practice:

 

Now you will do the same thing but now the automated system will be triggered for both the system monitoring task and the communications task.

There is a 2 second delay between when the system detects the error and it corrects it.

Even though the system will correct the error you must still verbally report it.

 

If you attempt to correct the error after the automated system already corrects it it’ll be marked as a misfire and you’ll lose health.

Auto Task:

Now that you've had practice with the automated system you'll do this again for the full time period.
 

Final Task:

 

You'll repeat the last task